today we have a special guest to the football program a day
to a man who had me and these weber years
but that when he was a football player of the monterrey gang team
he noticed the enormous satisfaction of living a fantastic stage
with the coronation of the monterrey team of champion
in that season of the
of the little pearls there were not millions the millions of now
there were not the big salaries and the guamito to contreras
he had to walk on the side of a lot of people to
to make the monterrey champion like he was champion of the beautiful monterrey
Because with
first thank you for the invitation
this
He stressed the processes that employ support give all this we have done
Well, the champion I think most of all went very well
very down very suddenly because we did not have names
I'm not a mom and we knew each other
suddenly
of nothing
hamas we are very hungry many companies start to me we have many
cures
and then I think that following his cd he formed a good team
a nice family that lived in and out and we talked and I think
things
It works as you were stung as friends we practiced it was seen a group very friend no
United
yes very united and that is where the interest was not so much the economic
guamá was the guamal the right can joel garcía
in the center moon rite in the other was helping pedro fields but singing a
wall the truth memo the other already the avalanches name has a strength
awesome to face the dog jacket a challenge for any forward
then I was a kid that was a side in his time it seems to me
we have very much ahead of you now
you need lanes ds
after leaving that level of lead years old
then the jalapa
it's not about gamboa
this low the last world and my
I have been in favor that I will not leave with impressive attention
in xalapa fashion also by xunta gives equal dignity
and becerra becerra the grandfather higuaín
and in the bank mizael view of the frob flower of the southpaw loredo barriers and south not
it was something new yes christ
was a few days left read will be allie hits the champion team the
Mexican soccer like that since the championship game that won the patient
as to see the pope
yesterday also with bbk and has lost an arm of the world added as of 2008
lack of the result is good by some force of the west wind of
monterrey
he has presented this epic today as the guamo how he was
what quality brings
of arquero monterrey I think that from the times of guamasa the times of
cristian
the not having known by all and so spectacular we go that obama
trained by those who profess a physical trainer, not a goalkeeping coach.
oriented reporters and only new
and always for everything because what is at stake
the physical trainer who is in charge of
of our functions and correct all the errors we had doubt
and this destination is provided a little bit less problems than we brought
and all that
I trust the accident the players what we started the mayor
he remembered four and we all know already remember
when tiger went to the descent truth that painful now let's remember
constant obama
this is for the whole region everything that happened